Linda Harris 
Test engineer CV      

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

PERSONAL SUMMARY 

Acceptance testing  

Technical investigation 

Exploratory testing 

Agile 

A bright, talented, ambitious and self-motivated test engineer with a strong technical 
background who possesses self-discipline and the ability to work with the minimum 
of supervision. Having a proven ability to carry out the creation of test cases, 
appropriate implementation of individual tests, log outcomes and communicate the 
results to work colleagues and clients. Possessing excellent documentation 
communication skills alongside an ability to formulate, advise and implement testing 
strategy. Using initiative to develop effective solutions to problems with an active 
and dynamic approach to work and getting things done efficiently.  

Test environments 

Keen to find a suitable position with a successful and ambitious company.  

Test management tools 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

UAT knowledge 

Writing test reports 

PROFESSIONAL  

ISEB certification 

German Speaker 

PERSONAL SKILLS 

Problem solving 

Attention to detail 

Communicating  

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Linda Harris 
34 Made Up Road 
Coventry  
CV66 7RF 

T: 02476 000 0000 
M: 0887 222 9999 
E: linda.h@dayjob.co.uk 

DOB: 12/09/1985 
Driving license:  Yes 
Nationality: British 

IT & Telecoms Company – Coventry   
TEST ENGINEER          June 2008 - Present 

Responsible for the whole test process from planning, through test plan development, 
execution & result reporting. Also involved in the development and improvement of 
the test functions, putting forward suggestions and implementing plans accordingly.  

Duties:  
  Organising, conducting and supporting test activities.  
  Involved in performance testing and integration testing.  
  Rapidly response to equipment failures & implementing immediate repairs.  
  Participating in audits and reviews of testing, highlighting areas for improvement.  
  Monitoring and reporting to senior managers any repair trends. 
  Drawings and documentation updates. 
  Responsible for executing test cases, documenting results and defects.   
  Testing and fault finding finished systems in accordance with company procedures.  
  Reporting to the Test Manager any issues or potential prioritisation conflicts. 
  Assisting in the loading and installation of software.  

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  

  Experience of testing Web, PC and mobile based software.   
  Understanding the iterative software development lifecycle.  
  Solid understanding of manual testing methods and processes. 
  Extensive technical knowledge of Test Systems hardware and software.  
  Planning and task management skills. 
  Good user knowledge of all Microsoft operating systems. 
  Experience of testing GUI based software. 
  A high level of workmanship with an eye for detail. 
  Full knowledge of testing processes with technical understanding. 
  Good telephone manner and ability to communicate well at all levels.  

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  

BSc (Hons)    Information Technology (Software Engineering)  
Nuneaton University     2005 - 2008   

A levels: 
Coventry North School     2000 - 2005 

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)  

REFERENCES – Available on request.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright information - Please read 
© This test engineer CV template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd August 2010. Jobseekers may download and use this CV 
example for their own personal use to help them create their own CVs. You are most welcome to link to this page or any other 
page on our site www.dayjob.com.  However these CVs must not be distributed or made available on other websites without 
our prior permission. For any questions relating to the use of this CV template please email: info@dayjob.com.   

 
 
 
 
